articles/article-v.-meetings.md, before:

# Article V. Meetings

## SECTION 1

A National TSA Conference will be held each year with the time, date, and place designated by the TSA, Inc., Board of Directors.

## SECTION 2

Each chartered delegation will be entitled to one vote for each state officer in attendance {maximum of six \(6\)} plus two additional votes for each chapter in that state delegation which has student members in attendance at the conference.

## SECTION 3

A majority of the registered voting delegates for the national conference shall constitute a quorum.

## SECTION 4

* In the event that there is a threat to the safety or stability of the conference or its attendees, the TSA, Inc., Board of Directors reserves the right to cancel or postpone the National TSA Conference.
* The TSA, Inc., Board of Directors shall attempt to make any cancellations or postponements at least 90 days before the conference, but these Bylaws shall not go so far as to restrict the Board from responding to any emergency that demands the cancellation or postponement of the conference.

Commit message:

Recount delegates to ensure a quorum

articles/article-v.-meetings.md, after:

# Article V. Meetings

### SECTION 1

A National TSA Conference will be held each year with the time, date, and place designated by the TSA, Inc., Board of Directors.

### SECTION 2

Each chartered delegation will be entitled to one vote for each state officer in attendance {maximum of six \(6\)} plus two additional votes for each chapter in that state delegation which has student members in attendance at the conference.

### SECTION 3

A majority of the registered voting delegates for the national conference shall constitute a quorum.

### SECTION 4

A recount of voting delegates shall be conducted every one hundred and twenty (120) minutes to ensure that a quorum is actively being met.

### SECTION 5

* In the event that there is a threat to the safety or stability of the conference or its attendees, the TSA, Inc., Board of Directors reserves the right to cancel or postpone the National TSA Conference.
* The TSA, Inc., Board of Directors shall attempt to make any cancellations or postponements at least ninety (90) days before the conference, but these Bylaws shall not go so far as to restrict the Board from responding to any emergency that demands the cancellation or postponement of the conference.
